When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

When you want to easily share files and changes with other colloborators. It
also provides a great form of backup for your files as well.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

It gives you more control over when you receive others' changes to make sure
a feature someone else is working on doesn't conflict with what you are working
on locally.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use
one instead of another?

You clone a git repository to your machine to work on it locally. Forks are
clones made by GitHub so you can work with the initial repository without
needing permission to commit to that repository. Branches are on individual
repositories to allow you to make feature changes without messing up the
production code. You clone a repository if you just need the code on your
machine, you fork if you want to work on a repository you don't have access to
and want to share your code with others, and you branch if you just need to add
a feature to your own repository.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

If you have the last known state of the remote stored locally you have access to
every commit made to the repository, whether you have merged them with your code
or not. If you ever need those changes you can access them and merge them with
your local changes as needed.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and
what would be harder?

Without Git or GitHub you would have to do a lot of manual tracking and sharing
of files when working with a team. There would be less work checking in your
changes, but ultimately it would be a lot harder to keep track of what changes
were made and where bugs were introduced.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master? What benefits does each approach have?

You want to make changes in a branch when you either need to experiment or add a
feature that needs to be reviewed before going straight to master. Working in
master is great if you are just providing a quick fix to keep the production
code working, but any substantially new code or collaboration should be done in
a separate branch.
