How did viewing the diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug
that was introduced?

It helped by only showing the parts of the file that were changed from the
original so I could simply look at those sections to see what the issue might
be. Rather than having to look through the entire file I only had a handful of
lines to review.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

By having access to the entire history I can view the changes I've made over
time, go back to a working version if I introduce bugs or errors, and I can also
note how and why I made changes and fixes if I ever need to look back for
reference.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

Pro of commits like they are in Git is that they are easy for other people to
navigate because they are purposeful and manageable in size and number. The con
is that it leaves room for human error in making sure the commit happens. The
pro of Google Docs is that you will never forget to save, but that is also it's
con because there are way too many versions without a logical reason for them.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit,while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Projects saved with Git will most likely require multiple files in order to work
properly, so it makes sense to track those changes together. Google Docs however
has a different use case and files aren't really interrelated and don't need to
be tracked together.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log shows you every commit made to the repository so you can scroll through
and read their id's and descriptions. You can then use the ids you find with git
diff to see the code that was changed.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

It's much easier to be confident in making changes when you know you can easily
revert to a working version if anything goes wrong.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Everything I can!
